Created by ©Yozuki  |  #VisitUs  t.me/Yozukilk
Why don't we get married?
Huh?
I don't mean a real marriage. Just pretend.
Pretend?
That's right.
Kurokawa-san was saying unmarried
people will be prioritized.
So if we were to make it so we're married...
Well, I'm on board with trying it.
The fake marriage.
Congratulations!
A surprise party?
H-How about these words?
Y-Yes?
P—
Please marry me.
Ohara-kun, please take your time
thinking of a proposal.
I'll wait as long as it takes.
All right.
What Does It Mean to Get Married?
Kama, settle down.
Since yesterday, Kama
won't leave my shirt alone.
Maybe Honjoji-san's scent got on there.
Wonder if I should put on the wedding ring.
Why wasn't I able to say anything?
Pretty pathetic, for a fake proposal.
It was like I had a lump in my throat.
What with someone that close,
gazing at me.
I can't do it.
Wow!
What a long beach! It even has dunes!
It's not white sands and
green pines, but it's nice.
It took three and a half hours,
but I'm glad I came!
Look at those big wind turbines turning.
The power of nature is amazing!
I'll say!
Whoops, I got a little carried away.
Too many special events have happened lately.
The party, crowds, the Ferris wheel, singing.
It's stifling.
I look at coastlines and collect
maps, stones, and sand.
Those are the sorts of things I love.
Marriage is so dazzling,
the idea is downright exhausting.
Even if it is fake.
Today, I'm going to enjoy some terrain.
Ritsu
I've gone to Tokyo today.
How are you doing, Rika-san?
Tokyo, you say? I'm not in Tokyo right now,
but enjoy the city.
Leave me alone.
It was like an ordinary life.
I'm too irresponsible.
Am I going to sit here forever
and do nothing?
How old am I, again?
Is this how an adult acts?
H-Huh?
I put the ring on, and
suddenly, my doubts are gone.
It's weird. Right now I feel
like I could do anything.
No, there's something I must do
as long as I'm wearing this ring.
I'll become a fine husband for Honjoji-san!
Number withheld
Slide to answer
Yes, hello?
I know.
Your supposed marriage with
Honjoji Rika-san. It's a complete lie.
I know all about it.
Uh, h-hey...
I'll send you both to Alaska!
What?
Number withheld
Call ended
What is this?
JTC Tourist
JTC Travel
Go to Hawaii!!
A threatening call?
I'm not sure if it was a threat or not.
Do you know who it was from?
I couldn't tell.
The voice sounded synthesized.
I'm not even sure of their gender.
They know about Alaska.
That means whoever made
the call must work here?!
Excuse me.
Ohara-san, do you have a minute?
G-G-Gonda?! What is it?
Well...
Would you mind if I came over tonight?
To my place? What for?
I just want to discuss something.
What's going on here?
He's never done anything like this.
I-It's too suspicious.
What do you think? Can I come over?
Sure, by all means!
We'd love to have you, Gonda-san.
Huh? You too, Honjoji-san?
Of course, I'll come over too.
Look at you lovebirds.
I wouldn't be intruding?
Not at all, not at all.
Thanks a lot!
See you tonight!
I'm sorry about this.
M-Me too.
What is Gonda up to?
Is Gonda-kun the one who made that call?
We have to keep him from finding out!
Kama, listen. This is important.
Some of my coworkers are coming over here.
I know it's probably inconvenient for you,
but please bear with me.
Please, Kama! This is so important!
My future and yours are riding on it.
I'll make it up to you!
I'll put Nyaru on your food for a month!
Nyaru Gourmet
Variety Pack
I'll also stop sniffing you!
Did your cat give his consent?
Well...
"Whatever. I'll put up with it
for about an hour."
That's the look he gave me.
Aha.
So, this is Ohara-kun's apartment.
Here.
You can use these slippers.
Oh, don't make a fuss.
They're yours to use.
I went and bought some camouflage supplies.
Camouflage?
Items couples would be likely to use.
I thought we'd use these to change this
into a couple's apartment.
W-Wow.
Let's hurry.
This is a checklist of items.
Item Checklist
Please arrange them as you see fit.
Operation Love Nest
"Operation Love Nest"?!
Honjoji-san doesn't mess around.
A doorplate for the entrance!
Matching toothbrushes
and cups at the sink, check!
I placed the paired cushions on the bed.
Got it. Where's your cat?
He's in the adjoining room.
That's where he spends most of his time.
I see.
Profile List
Our first meeting
When Ohara-kun was 22 and Honjoji was 24,
we met while in Singapore for rookie training.
At the time, we each got a passing impression
that the other was optimistic about the job.
First date
On the anniversary of our first meeting
(Saturday 10/12) we went on a date to
Yokohama Space Land. Ohara-kun won a
pig plushie from a UFO catcher, and we still
have it on display.
How we refer to each other
It's still "Ohara-kun" and "Honjoji-san,"
but we're working toward switching to
"Takuya-kun" and "Rika-san."
Favorite type of pancake
Honjoji: banana
Ohara: strawberry and hazelnut
We first met during rookie training,
and that was in...
Singapore.
My favorite kind of pancake is banana,
and yours is strawberry and hazelnut.
We're planning to honeymoon
in Tahiti or the Maldives.
Profile confirmation, done.
Agreed.
Next are photos to decorate the apartment.
I collected reference images
from the internet.
W-Wow!
Well...
I think that's good.
You know,
this is like the day before an event.
That it is.
Like a cultural festival
from our school days.
Is this what your cultural
festivals were like?
Well, I was always a tree in a stage play.
It was more less like that for me too.
It's easy to really get into the tree role.
And it has so much depth once you do.
So, preparations are complete.
He can show up anytime!
There he is!
Hello!
Welcome!
Hi, Ohara-san!
We're here too.
Three of them?
Okay, one more time.
Congrats on getting engaged!
I bought lots of drinks!
Th-Thanks.
This is going to run long, Honjoji-san.
Isn't this a state of emergency?
It's okay. Just do as we practiced.
So, Gonda. What did you
want to discuss today?
Yeah, about that, Ohara-san.
Please teach me how to get hitched!
Huh?
I want to get married too,
but it's not going well at all.
I thought I'd ask you for some pointers.
Gonda is on seven online dating apps.
You use that many of them?!
Cut that out, Keisuke-san!
Komiya-chan heard you!
Give up on those apps.
What's happening here?
Oh, date photos.
That's in Yokohama.
How long have you been dating?
Since rookie training.
Everyone, help yourself to snacks!
Honjoji-san is...
...smiling!
It's like she's filled with happiness!
This'll be one legendary marriage.
I still can't believe no one
at work realized.
I-I need to use the restroom.
Learn while you're here, Gonda.
I'm ready for my training, Master!
I wish someone would teach me.
I'm not sure what I should say.
Suddenly I'm surrounded by everyone,
getting peppered with questions.
Is marriage that great?
I said I would get married, and
I put on a ring, but that's all.
I haven't changed at all.
Is marriage...
Is marriage really that great?
It is amazing!
It sounds snide when you
talk like that, Ohara-san!
You should just be happy about it!
That's right!
They speak the truth.
Thanks for having us.
Thank you for today.
See you.
Ohara-san.
Between you and me.
Wh-What?
I've actually got my eye on Komiya-chan.
What?
I'd be happy for any support you can offer!
Let's go get some ramen, Gonda.
Ow, ow, ow.
Marriage would be great.
You mean Gonda really only
came over to get some advice?
Then who was it that made that call?
I'm home.
Welcome back.
Th-Thanks...
I came back through the door on auto-pilot.
I will never play host again.
Agreed.
I feel the same way as you, Ohara-kun.
I don't understand why everyone celebrates
so much because we're getting married.
It's not like it's their marriage.
Apparently, it looks like
we're glowing to all of them.
Like lights.
I bet it's the ones who can see
that light who will get married.
I can't see it at all.
And I probably won't, down the road.
That's not the sort of life I'm leading.
Uh, but... I have a feeling you can
see the light without getting married.
I have Kama, and when I come home from work,
and he and I eat and watch TV,
I feel like I'm glowing then.
That's what glowing is?
It might be something a little different.
But it's enough for me.
Honjoji-san, do you have anything like that?
I think so. When I come home
and look at maps.
Do you enjoy that?
I do! Maps are so interesting!
Places like Eboshi Island in Fukushima
are a page of nothing but ocean,
and one little island all by itself! Also—
That would be glowing.
I-I'm not... glowing at all.
W-Well, I'd best be going.
R-Right. See you tomorrow.
My chest feels tight.
It's because I'm not
used to being around a man.
It'll be no big deal, soon enough.
It's not like I'm in junior high.
Honjoji-san was wonderful today.
Whoa, don't get all weird now.
We're just working together on this.
I can't get the wrong idea.
JTC Tourist
JTC Travel
The new package is done.
From "When are we going?"
to "Let's go now."
It's time for travel.
Now I hope the tickets sell well.
I'm quite confident in this one.
"The Hawaii not everyone knows."
351 days until the
Anchorage Branch opens
Two weeks after the engagement announcement,
the mood at work has finally calmed down.
I am concerned about that phone call
Ohara-kun got, but there's been no follow-up.
In any case, I'm surviving!
I'll believe in myself and keep at it!
Hey, excuse me. Is this JTC?
A customer?! Damn!
It was careless of me to come out here.
I'm bad at dealing with customers!
Welcome. Are you planning a trip?
Ah, thanks.
Please take a numbered ticket from here,
and have a seat over there.
Overseas Counter
5 parties waiting
to be served
Ah, thanks.
This guy looks angry.
I hadn't spoken to a customer in a long time.
Excuse me. No counter looks likely
to open up, so I will help you.
Ah, thanks.
Where are you thinking of traveling?
Well, here.
My card.
Ohara Cleaning
CEO
Ohara Koichi
Ohara?
My son Takuya is employed here.
What?!
Listen, between you and me.
I happened to hear that my son
is going to get married,
but he hasn't said a word about it to me.
Ohara-kun's father?! What's he doing here?!
Did Ohara-kun tell him?
No, that can't be.
How then? I wonder
where his father heard it.
I didn't...
I didn't think about family-related stuff.
Miss, do you know anything about this?
I-I'm afraid I do not.
Well, if you'll pardon me.
Uh, please don't let my son know I was here.
Here, have one of my company's products.
Ohara Cleaning Ltd.
Desktop Calendar
Many thanks
Ohara-kun's... not here!
I wanted to talk to him, too!
Honjoji
Ohara
Itsuki
Out of office
He's out of the office.
I ended up lying to his father.
Even though the whole thing's my idea.
Things just escalated so rapidly.
Higashi, Kumamoto, Kumamoto Prefecture
Ohara Cleaning Ltd.
Ohara-kun's from Kumamoto Prefecture!
His father came all the way here?!
I-I feel so bad about this.
Is it okay to just let him leave?
No, that's no way to behave!
I'll go tell him everything!
That we aren't really getting married!
Ohara Cleaning Ltd.
Desktop Calendar
Many thanks
He's still here!
He and his son both have a slouch!
I can't put up with this.
Takuya's sure to bring ruin
to the Ohara family.
E-Excuse me!
Um, Ohara-kun is currently out.
I'll give him a call.
No need to trouble yourself.
It's no problem.
Please come wait over this way.
I've got to get away from the office.
Today
Ohara-kun, I'm with your father right now.
We'll be waiting at Z Coffee.
Z Coffee
I'm glad it all worked out all right.
I want to talk to him, but what do I say
when things are this tense?
Um, earlier you mentioned
Ohara-kun ruining your family.
What does that mean?
It's problematic if he arbitrarily goes and
decides on something important like marriage.
Marriages require a range of preparations.
That includes preparing the dolls.
Dolls?
Takasago dolls, on display during
the betrothal gift exchange.
Those are essential.
Then there are the decorative knots, the red
sea bream served whole, and kimono and sake.
Much has to happen,
starting with the gift exchange.
Exchanging betrothal gifts.
I hadn't planned to take it that far,
so it never crossed my mind.
I also have to notify the group.
Group?
The local assembly.
We live out in the country in Aso, so
there are a number of things to do locally.
Bonds run deep out there,
so when a wedding happens,
we invite neighbors and coworkers.
It will mean two hundred people, all told.
T-Two hundred?!
And we reserve a hot spring resort.
The festivities go all day
and late into the night.
For that long?
During this, we do dances like
the Ushibuka Haiya.
U-Ushibuka Haiya?
What kind of dance is that?
The local firefighters
put on quite a good show.
Why are firefighters at a wedding?!
Then finally, we toss
the bride into the air.
Toss...?
Heave ho!
What?!
Wh-What a big event.
That's an Aso-style wedding.
Takuya is my eldest son.
If his wedding isn't done properly,
our family will lose face!
Understood. Thank you.
Today
Ohara-kun, I'm with your father right now.
We'll be waiting at Z Coffee.
Higashi, Kumamoto, Kumamoto Prefecture
Ohara Cleaning Ltd.
Wh-Why?
Honjoji-san and Dad are together?!
Today
Ohara-kun, I'm with your father right now.
We'll be waiting at Z Coffee.
We're in trouble.
Created by ©Yozuki  |  #VisitUs  t.me/Yozukilk
We're in a lot of trouble.